feat(waf): add data source to get top security statistics by category (#6977)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/waf_overviews_classification.md

---
subcategory: "Web Application Firewall (WAF)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_waf_overviews_classification"
description: |-
  Use this data source to get top security statistics by category.
---

# huaweicloud_waf_overviews_classification

Use this data source to get top security statistics by category.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "start_time" {}
variable "end_time" {}

data "huaweicloud_waf_overviews_classification" "test" {
  from = var.start_time
  to   = var.end_time
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String) Specifies the region in which to query the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.

* `from` - (Required, Int) Specifies the query start time.
  The format is 13-digit timestamp in millisecond.

>   This parameter must be used together with **to**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> The parameters `from` and `to` must be used together.
```

* `to` - (Required, Int) Specifies the query end time.
  The format is 13-digit timestamp in millisecond.

>   This parameter must be used together with **from**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `top` - (Optional, Int) The first several results to query.
  The valid value ranges from `1` to `10`. Defaults to `5`.

> * `hosts` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the Domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hosts` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the domain.
```

> * `instances` - (Optional, String) Specifies  the ID of the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `instances` - (Optional, String) Specifies the ID of the instance.
```
